feat: implement use-baseline (#311)
yeonjuan/html-eslint: docs/rules/use-baseline.md

# use-baseline

This rule enforces the use of baseline features.

## What is Baseline?

[Baseline](https://web-platform-dx.github.io/web-features/) is an effort by the [W3C WebDX Community Group](https://www.w3.org/community/webdx/) that provides clear information about which web platform features work across [core browser set](https://web-platform-dx.github.io/web-features/#how-do-features-become-part-of-baseline%3F) today.

> Baseline has three stages:
> 
> - **Newly available**: The feature works across the latest devices and browser versions. The feature might not work in older devices or browsers.
> - **Widely available**: The feature is well established and works across many devices and browser versions. It’s been available across browsers for at least 2½ years (30 months).
> - **Limited available**: The feature is not yet available across all browsers.

Reviewer: "limited" is not technically one of the Baseline stages, it's more like a pre-Baseline stage.

Borrowing the text from the docs:

```suggestion
Baseline features are available across popular browsers. Baseline has two stages:

- **Newly available**: The feature works across the latest devices and browser versions. The feature might not work in older devices or browsers.
- **Widely available**: The feature is well established and works across many devices and browser versions. It’s been available across browsers for at least 2½ years (30 months).

Prior to being newly available, a feature has **Limited availability** when it's not yet available across all browsers.
```

## How to use

```js,.eslintrc.js
module.exports = {
  rules: {
    "@html-eslint/use-baseline": "error",
  },
};
```

## Rule Details

This rule warns when it finds any of the following:

> - An element that isn't widely available.
> - An attribute that isn't widely available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- An element that isn't widely available.
- An attribute that isn't widely available.
- An attribute value that isn't widely available.
```
